LexiMUD Alpha
-------------

Welcome to the LexiMUD Alpha release!  This is the first and only Public 
Release of LexiMUD Alpha.  The next release will be the full SpaceMaster/
RoleMaster oriented LexiMUD.
NOTE: LexiMUD Alpha will NOT AT ALL be compatible with the full release of
LexiMUD!  The database formats are completely different, the stats and other
things also, and there WILL BE NO UPGRADE PATH.

First off, this is an Alpha release of course, and there are some things you
should be aware of.  By using or attempting to use LexiMUD you agree to the
following conditions:

1. You will not ask me (FearItself) for support.  This is an unsupported
   release.  Any attempt to get support will result in my laughing at you
   and taunting you for the next year and a half.  I'm not a meanie, just that
   I work as a professional programmer, and LexiMUD is my hobby, so
   supporting an outdated version is not something I want to devote time to.
   You could always contract me to support it :-)  My rates are reasonable
   and flexible.
2. This version will only compile on MacOS and some flavors of UNIX.
   No Windows support.
3. No areas except interstellar space, god complex, and limbo are included
   Do not ask for the AvP areas.  They are not my creations and will not
   be distributed.
4. The text block:
 "Based on LexiMUD,  a creation of Chris Jacobson and the AvP Team,  with code
  created by, or based on code by, George Greer, Eric Green, Stefan Wasilewski
  David Berry, Jushua Mentzer,  Harvey Gilpin, Brian Williams,  Daniel Muller.
  A derivative of CircleMUD 3.0, by Jeremy Elson;  and DikuMUD, by Hans Henrik
  Staerfeldt, Katja Nyboe,  Tom Madsen, Michael Seifert,  and Sebastian Hammer"
   must remain on the login screen (or at least all names and references to
   codebases).  Failure to do so is a violation of multiple license agreements
   and could result in your MUD being blacklisted or worse.
5. Don't fall for anyone claiming to be me unless the domain name of login is
   fear.athenet.net or I am on AvP and able to substantiate the claim.

There are parts of code that are not my creation and belong to other people
However, copyright notices may or may not be missing, and comments may or may
not have been removed.  My apologies to anyone whom I have accidentally
trashed your comments/copyright notices.

Bug fixes are semi-welcome, but mind you that my current copy that I actually
work on is VERY much different than this current version.

Includes IMC2, but you need to get on the IMC network for it to be any use.
Contact me and I will help you get on by linking you through AvPDev.

- Chris Jacobson
  FearItself at avp.dhs.org:4444
  fear@technologist.com

