Primary Rules for LexiMUD:

1. Multiplaying is NOT permitted.  This includes using your alternate
   characters to benefit other characters of your own, also included is
   transferring of eq from one character to another.

2. Bug abuse will not be tolerated.  Bugs are to be reported to an staff,
   or if no staff is on send, a mudmail to an Admin detailing the bug.

3. No triggers allowed.  Simply put, no client side triggers are allowed at
   all.  However, do feel free to take advantage of the mud side aliases.

4. Only MILD swearing is permitted.  If you sre not sure what you are about
   to say is considered mild, it probably isn't, so don't say it.
   Keep it PG to PG-13.

5. Harassment will not be tolerated. Anyone doing so should be reported to
   a Security or Admin. If none are around mudmail an Admin with your
   problem.  If it is a serious problem, logging the harassment can help to
   expedite the prosecution.

5a.Bigotry will also not be tolerated. This includes, but is not limited
   to: sexism, racism, religous slurs, ethnic slurs.

6. Brown-nosing or otherwise bugging staff is also not wanted. Kissing up
   won't make you any friends with the staff here, it will most likely just
   annoy them and kill whatever chances you had of them liking you. So
   bottom line is don't do it, your wasting our time and yours.

6a.Asking staff for help in playing the game, or for finding locations or
   finding or loading equipment, is also a Bad Idea.  Since the game is
   focused on player competition, the staff are not allowed to intervene
   like this.

7. No whining.  We do listen to complaints and critiques, but ONLY to
   constructive criticism.  We do not take well to "This sucks!", but we
   will listen to, "This is bad because..." or "I think this would be
   better if..."

8. Don't give out your password to anyone  We will not change or give
   out passwords no matter what the excuse.

Punishment for these offenses can range from warnings to banning and
everything in between, to be determined by a Security or Admin present.
Also, we take action and ask questions later, so you have been warned!

Remember, ignorance of the law is no excuse!

So, follow the rules and hopefully you and everyone else will have a more
enjoyable expierence here at LexiMUD.

Last Updated: 2/9/99 by FearItself

